------------------------------------------------------------------

<a id="Story--Main--Chapter--Wilbert-And-His-New-Spaceship"></a>
Chapter 2 - Wilbert And His New Spaceship
===============================================
<br>

After finding Burt in the field, and claiming ownership via a sticker,
Wilbert wondered what to do next.

Although he had found something very interesting, he really had no
idea what it was just yet, nor what to do with it. From Wilbert's
point of view, Burt seemed to be around the size of an automobile,
which Wilbert thought was fairly big.

Big things are heavy, or at least they look heavy. So Wilbert figured
that picking Burt up and carrying him away would be impossible.
Wilbert wondered what to do with his new discovery, and up, he just
tried knocking on its side.

The result was a loud metallic sound, and the first thing Wilbert
noticed about it was that the sound seemed hollow, as though whatever
he was knocking on was empty inside.

There was something even more interesting to Wilbert though. As
Wilbert kept knocking on the side of the spaceship, the whole thing
seemed to move a little. It rocked back and forth.

Normally something big and heavy wouldn't easily move around so much,
so the fact that it was rocking seemed very strange to Wilbert.

Now, Wilbert did not yet understand that he had found a spaceship, but
as he thought about it, he thought of how balloons are big but not
very heavy. Wilbert wondered if maybe this object he had found might
be like a balloon. Maybe it might float, and maybe even, it might
float in the air.

Wilbert looked around, trying to make sense of the situation.

He noticed something he hadn't yet paid much attention to before.
Behind this object, there was a huge trail in the dirt. Wilbert
started to realize that the object must've come through that dirt. As
Wilbert looked back along that path, he thought about it more and more
as he began to realize what had happened.

"Whoa..." Wilbert actually said out loud, as he decided the object had
fallen out of the sky, that it had crash-landed.

As he thought about it more and more, he even began to understand that
this object was probably a spaceship.

Wilbert excitedly looked back and forth over the spaceship and then he
noticed that a pile of dirt was still covering up what seem to be the
ship's front.

Using his hands, Wilbert started shoveling the dirt away, and soon the
nose of the ship underneath was revealed.

Once Wilbert had cleared away enough dirt, he tried to lift the spaceship.

Incredibly, it started to rise!

It certainly didn't feel lightweight, but Wilbert was thrilled,
because at least it wasn't so heavy he couldn't lift it. When he
stopped lifting, he noticed that the object seemed to somehow float a
little. It didn't fall instantly.

This made Wilbert even more excited, and so he resumed lifting. He
thought he would be able to move the ship away from the pile of dirt,
but the ship ship slowed down. Wilbert tried very hard to lift it with
all of his might, but it didn't work. Somehow the spaceship just
seemed to get heavier the harder he tried. As the spaceship gradually
became heavier, Wilbert's muscles got very tired from lifting, so he
stopped, and the spaceship slowly began sinking back towards the dirt.

After resting for a few minutes, Wilbert tried to lift the spaceship
again, but the result was exactly the same. Every time Wilbert lifted
up the spaceship, if would rise easily at first, but then get heavy
and sink back down again. If he lifted harder or faster, the spaceship
would only become heavier and more difficult to move.

Wilbert kept trying though, and through his persistence, he eventually
figured out. The faster and harder he tried to move the spaceship, the
heavier it got. So, he eased up and tried to keep it moving very
slowly. He was careful to never speed up. The slow stead motion
worked, and Wilbert was finally able to keep the spaceship moving
without it becoming heavier.

He couldn't use too light a touch, and he still had to put in a little
effort. He was careful to use just the right amount of strength, not
too much, and not too little, and he was careful to go very slowly.

After many minutes of patient lifting, Wilbert finally raised the
spaceship high enough that he could see the bottom. Unfortunately
though, Wilbert couldn't find anything different on the bottom of it
than the rest of it. All of it was just a mass of shiny green metal.

There really wasn't much of the way of details. There were some darker
lines that ran across the surface, and there were some small sections
of the surface that were dark black. Apart from those minor details
though, the ship was incredibly smooth.

It was so smooth in fact that even after crash landing it had no
damage on it of any kind. There were no dents, no cracks, no
scratches... The entire surface appeared to be in perfect condition,
like it was brand new.

Wilbert kept visually searching the underside of the ship, but
couldn’t find any features aside from the few dark lines and patches
of black. There was no door, no windows, and there didn’t seem to be
any sort of rockets or propellers. As far as Wilbert could tell, the
spaceship didn’t have engines of any kind.

Wilbert was very puzzled by all of this. How could this thing have
flown all the way to his field if it didn't have any engines. How
could anyone fly it without any windows?

As he studied and contemplated his discovery, he realized that there
just wasn't much he could do with this spaceship he’d found. Since it
had to be lifted so slowly and carefully, he couldn’t carry it very
far, and he couldn't get inside of it either.

All of this was extremely disappointing, and Wilbert started getting frustrated.

Wilbert set his spaceship back down on the ground, and then started to
feel the surface with his hands. He tried to pull the panels apart or
find any other opening that would let him get inside, but it was no
use.

As the time passed by, the sky became darker, the air became colder,
and the wind started blowing harder. Wilbert wasn't dressed for it. He
started feeling uncomfortably cold, and he realized he was going to
have to go back indoors soon.

Although excited by his discovery, Wilbert was furious that he
couldn't seem to do anything with it. Wilbert groaned in frustration
as he threw his hands up in defeat.

Finally, he decided to go back home. As he walked away, he bitterly
muttered under his breath, "Stupid spaceship, I never wanted one
anyway!"

But Wilbert was lying to himself. He’d always wanted a spaceship, and
even before he finished his sentence, he knew he'd be back again
tomorrow. He had to try again.

After all, it was his very own spaceship. The sticker said so.



### <br><br>End of Chapter